---
title: become like children
tags:
  - prayer
  - God
  - children
  - relationship
  - worry
  - anxienty
---

Thoughts of my future have become an uncertainty in my life. Thoughts like:

  * "Where is my next job going to be"
  * "I need to plan for the future"
  * "What if this intership doesn't turn into a fulltime position?"
  * "Am I to go back to school?"
  * "Will I fail the GRE if I do?"
  * "Would I afford to work part time and go to school?"
These keep me up at night.

Below is a devotional that hits home for me. I need to keep my trust in God and
become like a child. I remember when I was 7 years old - not a care in the
world. I would wake up and ask my Dad for breakfast. I would go play and when I
was hungry I would ask my Gran for lunch. When I was sad I could go cry to my
Dad. I never once worried about where I would get my clothes from or where my
food would be.

This is the same attitutude as an adult I shouldn't forget. Take my life one
day at a time. Planning is not evil - but worry is. I know I am where God wants
me to be right now. The next step - I don't know. But I do know that it'll be a
wonderful surprise that God has waiting for me!

> It doth not yet appear what we shall be.  1 John 3:2
> 
> Naturally, we are inclined to be so mathematical and calculating that we look
> upon uncertainty as a bad thing. We imagine that we have to reach some end,
> but that is not the nature of spiritual life. The nature of spiritual life is
> that we are certain in our uncertainty, consequently we do not make our nests
> anywhere. Common sense says — “Well, supposing I were in that condition.…” We
> cannot suppose ourselves in any condition we have never been in.
> 
> Certainty is the mark of the commonsense life: gracious uncertainty is the
> mark of the spiritual life. To be certain of God means that we are uncertain
> in all our ways, we do not know what a day may bring forth. This is generally
> said with a sigh of sadness, it should be rather an expression of breathless
> expectation. We are uncertain of the next step, but we are certain of God.
> Immediately we abandon to God, and do the duty that lies nearest, He packs
> our life with surprises all the time. When we become advocates of a creed,
> something dies; we do not believe God, we only believe our belief about Him.
> Jesus said, “Except ye…become as little children.” Spiritual life is the life
> of a child. We are not uncertain of God, but uncertain of what He is going to
> do next. If we are only certain in our beliefs, we get dignified and severe
> and have the ban of finality about our views; but when we are rightly
> related to God, life is full of spontaneous, joyful uncertainty and
> expectancy.
> - "The Graciousness Of Uncertainty", Oswald Chambers
